customresourcedefinition.apiextensions.k8s.io/kafkas.kafka.strimzi.io created
rolebinding.rbac.authorization.k8s.io/strimzi-cluster-operator-entity-operator-delegation created
clusterrolebinding.rbac.authorization.k8s.io/strimzi-cluster-operator created
customresourcedefinition.apiextensions.k8s.io/kafkausers.kafka.strimzi.io created
customresourcedefinition.apiextensions.k8s.io/kafkarebalances.kafka.strimzi.io created
deployment.apps/strimzi-cluster-operator created
customresourcedefinition.apiextensions.k8s.io/kafkamirrormaker2s.kafka.strimzi.io created
clusterrole.rbac.authorization.k8s.io/strimzi-entity-operator created
clusterrole.rbac.authorization.k8s.io/strimzi-cluster-operator-global created
clusterrolebinding.rbac.authorization.k8s.io/strimzi-cluster-operator-kafka-broker-delegation created
rolebinding.rbac.authorization.k8s.io/strimzi-cluster-operator created
clusterrole.rbac.authorization.k8s.io/strimzi-cluster-operator-namespaced created
clusterrolebinding.rbac.authorization.k8s.io/strimzi-cluster-operator-kafka-client-delegation created
clusterrole.rbac.authorization.k8s.io/strimzi-kafka-client created
serviceaccount/strimzi-cluster-operator created
clusterrole.rbac.authorization.k8s.io/strimzi-kafka-broker created
customresourcedefinition.apiextensions.k8s.io/kafkatopics.kafka.strimzi.io created
customresourcedefinition.apiextensions.k8s.io/kafkabridges.kafka.strimzi.io created
customresourcedefinition.apiextensions.k8s.io/kafkaconnectors.kafka.strimzi.io created
customresourcedefinition.apiextensions.k8s.io/kafkaconnects.kafka.strimzi.io created
customresourcedefinition.apiextensions.k8s.io/kafkamirrormakers.kafka.strimzi.io created
configmap/strimzi-cluster-operator created
